Update submit_event page (#30808)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlformelement/submit_event/index.md

Note that the `submit` event fires on the `<form>` element itself, and not on any {{HtmlElement("button")}} or {{HtmlElement('input/submit', '&lt;input type="submit"&gt;')}} inside it. However, the {{domxref("SubmitEvent")}} which is sent to indicate the form's submit action has been triggered includes a {{domxref("SubmitEvent.submitter", "submitter")}} property, which is the button that was invoked to trigger the submit request.

> The `submit` event fires when
> 
> - the user clicks a {{Glossary("submit button")}}
> - presses <kbd>Enter</kbd> while editing a field (e.g. {{HtmlElement('input/text', '&lt;input type="text"&gt;')}}) in a form
> - calling the {{domxref("HTMLFormElement.requestSubmit()", "form.requestSubmit()")}} method
> 
> However the event is NOT sent to the form when calling the {{domxref("HTMLFormElement.submit()", "form.submit()")}} method directly.

Reviewer: NIT (typographic formatting):
```suggestion
The `submit` event fires when:

- the user clicks a {{Glossary("submit button")}},
- the user presses <kbd>Enter</kbd> while editing a field (e.g. {{HtmlElement('input/text', '&lt;input type="text"&gt;')}}) in a form,
- a script calls the {{domxref("HTMLFormElement.requestSubmit()", "form.requestSubmit()")}} method

However, the event is _not_ sent to the form when a script calls the {{domxref("HTMLFormElement.submit()", "form.submit()")}} method directly.
```
